Crazy Corduroy Mantis

medium

# Integer Overflow and Underflow

## Summary

There are no safeguards against potential arithmetic overflows or underflows in the `_getTrustedReservesVolatile()` or `_getTrustedReservesStable()` functions.


## Vulnerability Detail

For example, in `_getTrustedReservesVolatile()` method,
```solidity
uint256 k = reserve0 * reserve1;
```
there are no checks to ensure `reserve0` and `reserve1`, when multiplied, won't overflow the limits of `uint256`.

Similarly, in `_getTrustedReservesStable()` method,
```solidity
uint256 a = x.mulDivDown(y, 1e18);
uint256 b = (x * x + y * y) / 1e18;
k = a * b;
```
there are also no checks for overflow or underflows that might arise from these arithmetic operations.

## Impact

The calculation of the trusted reserves of the Aerodrome pools might be wrong.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-arcadia-pricing-module/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/asset-modules/Aerodrome-Finance/AerodromePoolAM.sol#L235

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-arcadia-pricing-module/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/asset-modules/Aerodrome-Finance/AerodromePoolAM.sol#L296-L298

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider utilizing the SafeMath library offered by OpenZeppelin, which has built-in overflow/underflow checks. This will ensure your arithmetic operations won't return erroneous results due to overflows or underflows. 

For example, using OpenZeppelin's SafeMath, the above snippet could be written as:
```solidity
k = reserve0.mul(reserve1);
```
for the `_getTrustedReservesVolatile()` method, and 
```solidity
a = x.mul(y).div(1e18);
b = (x.mul(x).add(y.mul(y))).div(1e18);
k = a.mul(b);
```
for the `_getTrustedReservesStable()` method. 

These simple substitutions provide automatic overflow and underflow checking. Exceptions are thrown whenever these conditions are violated, ensuring that you always get correct results from your arithmetic operations.
