Skinny Chambray Goldfish

medium

# Max exposure cap can be bypassed on assets using WrappedAerodromeAM.sol

## Summary

The WrappedAerodromeAM.sol AM does not offer any protection against inflating the exposure of a certain asset beyond its max exposure cap.
When depositing assets into Arcadia account, the registery checks if the deposit would increase the exposure over max, and reverts in this case.
Because fees are not accounted as deposit, it allows a user to self-trade on an empty aerodrome pool accruing fees beyond max cap.

## Vulnerability Detail

Following scenario is currently possible on Arcadia: 
We have asset XYZ with max exposure of 100k, and margin requierment of 0.8.

Now a malicious trader wants to borrow against an larger amount of these asset, so he creates an aerodrome pool.
This pool is empty in case a token pair with low marketcap is chosen.

The trader deposits into the pool, and transfers pool tokens to his arcadia account. 

Now he takes a flashloan of 100M of the prior mentioned token, and self trades on empty pool. 
In case the trading fees are set to 1%, he generates 1M of fees.

These 1M of fees are now seen as collateral on arcadia, where he can borrow against them.
He borrows 800k worth of some token, swaps back and pays flashloan. 

The trader has an open position of 1M on asset XYZ, which has a max exposure cap of 100k.

Now LPs are exposed to much higher risk.

## Impact

LPs are exposed to higher risk then expected, trader can overleverage on asset, 
in case of liquidation it might lead to temporary problems because of missing liquidity in external markets.

## Code Snippet

Uniswap V3 AM: 
https://github.com/arcadia-finance/accounts-v2/blob/19ce29bb0329cad7ef80ef772b6dd4b24c540651/src/asset-modules/UniswapV3/UniswapV3AM.sol#L218-L223
Wrapped AM: 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-arcadia-pricing-module/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/asset-modules/Aerodrome-Finance/WrappedAerodromeAM.sol#L172

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

In the currently implementation of the uniswap AM the fees are caped at 2x max exposure. 
Consider adding similar fix to the WrappedAerodromeAM.sol AM.