Crazy Corduroy Mantis

medium

# Incorrect Calculation of Trusted Reserves

## Summary

Using the spot price (the price in the decentralized exchange pool) as a trusted price oracle exposes the protocol to a flash loan attack. 

## Vulnerability Detail

Flash loans allow a user to borrow a large amount of assets without collateral, manipulate market prices, and repay the borrowing in a single transaction. When matched with a decentralized exchange price as a pricing oracle, it allows a user to manipulate the price and exploit the protocol. 

## Impact

In the case of the `_getTrustedReservesVolatile` and `_getTrustedReservesStable` functions, the code uses the spot price to determine the trusted reserves. This vulnerability could lead to incorrect calculations of reserves, and distort the value and liquidity measures used elsewhere in this contract and potentially others.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-arcadia-pricing-module/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/asset-modules/Aerodrome-Finance/AerodromePoolAM.sol#L227-L230

```solidity
function _getTrustedReservesVolatile(address pool, AssetValueAndRiskFactors[] memory rateUnderlyingAssetsToUsd) internal view returns (uint256 trustedReserve0, uint256 trustedReserve1) 
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-arcadia-pricing-module/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/asset-modules/Aerodrome-Finance/AerodromePoolAM.sol#L276-L279

```solidity
function _getTrustedReservesStable(address pool, AssetValueAndRiskFactors[] memory rateUnderlyingAssetsToUsd) internal view returns (uint256 trustedReserve0, uint256 trustedReserve1) 
```


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider using a trusted on-chain price oracle instead of the spot price to determine the trusted reserves. Trusted on-chain price oracles such as Chainlink make it difficult to manipulate the price because they aggregate prices from different off-chain data providers who each run their own nodes. Thus, it provides a more accurate and secure price feed. The contract should be revised to fetch the current price data from a trusted on-chain price oracle, rather than off a potential flash loan attack vector. Keep in mind to properly handle the decimals precision as oracles like Chainlink use 8 decimals precision.

